# Squirrel-and-Intel-1718
This repository includes code for the Squirrel social media project for Deerfield Academy and Intel Science Fair. Currently, both are work-in-progress. 

  For the social media project, I currently have three files of code for the HTML, CSS, and React portions of the website. Along with two other students, we were able to familiarize ourselves with the front-end development and are currently striving to strengthen our back-end development with React. Inevitably, we want to integrate both the code for the front end and back end in order to successfully upload our website on the internet. 

  Additionally, I am working on another project individually as a part of my science fair project. Inspired by a six-week internship program that I participated in at UMass Amherst's optoeletronics lab, I am currently trying to create a computer program using Python to optically characterize nanomaterials based on color contrast. Using a RGB image taken from an optical microscope of a piece of nanomaterial as the input, I have been able to separate the color channels of the RGB image into the red, green, and blue channels. However, the next step is to eventually use line segmentation or canny edge detection to identify edges of interest that represent the boundaries between the nanomaterial and the substrate. Then I would be able to measure the color contrast for each channel and the compare the experimental values with the theoretical values obtained using ImageJ image analysis software. 
